first of all shout outs to sac master
I'm for the inspiration for this video
you know he's a former mutt player so he
informed me about a lot of these stats
what's going on guys you know Madden is
so beyond fucked up it's not even funny
and when I say that I'm not saying it
that it's not a fun game to play but
when you're talking about respecting
football and respecting players real
skill sets and everything this game is
the biggest fucking joke of all time if
you if you just look at the stats of
some of these players in mud and of
course it's a fantasy thing I know that
but I'm going to look at some current
players some players that aren't so
star-studded you know they're not that
great and it just blows my mind and it
just gives me no hope for the future for
Madden that's why I'm I really really am
banking on Joe Montana saving us from
this bullshit you guys I don't know if
you follow mutt or anything but what
you're about to see is some of the most
ridiculous stats for some of these
players and it just it just reinforces
how much of a joke this game is I mean
it's catered to the casuals and there's
no better way to show you than to look
at these stats and see what these
players are capable of doing it's
absolutely ridiculous and it's it really
is a shame and it's sad but let's go
ahead and look at Tim Tebow first okay
Tim Tebow a 97 overall are you kidding
me he's getting better way for football
for two years two years and you're going
to Jack his stance up like this 99 throw
power 90 throwing accuracy deep 91 speed
throwing accuracy medium 85 this is a
joke this is an absolute joke this guy's
a 97 overall guys he has not played
football in two years and he wasn't the
97 overall caliber player when he was in
the league this is absolute
Lee who came up with this who does the
stats for this game that we fired on the
spot this has no this is no way shape or
form accurate with real players
abilities okay Brett Favre and his prime
maybe had a 99 throw power maybe dan
Marino maybe not Tim Tebow I'm sorry Tim
Tebow does not have a 99 throw power I'm
sorry it it gets worse let's go to the
next player so let's look at Peyton
Manning in his prime 2004 flashback
edition Peyton Manning he's got the good
throwing accuracy stats but look at this
throwing accuracy 95 throwing accuracy
deep 95 throwing accuracy deep 95
remember Tim Tebow had a 90 throwing
deep accuracy so you're telling me
you're gonna sit there and tell me that
that Tim Tebow is only five points below
one of the greatest quarterbacks of all
time get the fuck out get the fuck out
absolutely atrocious you know Johnny
Manziel was one of the most
underwhelming players last year of
course he did play very little much but
look at this look at this stat here 88
catch in traffic yes 88 catch traffic
when did he start praying hard receiver
guys when did he start playing wide
receiver and making plays down them so
we go to Calvin Johnson the greatest
wide receiver in the NFL today but let's
see of course they're gonna Jack him up
but let's look at this what what is that
I see do you see what I see 97 courage
he's a fucking receiver fuck kidding me
with its bullshit and let's not forget
he's got a 92 quick catch in traffic
only a mere four points better than
fucking Johnny Manziel that's right
Johnny Manziel has at 88 catch in
traffic and Calvin Johnson has an ID
token fuck this bullshit put these rags
I know it's not Donnie Moore right
because he is a Dumont but some of these
players are are just absolutely not
reflecting what they do in real life
this is absolutely atrocious my final
player I'm going to look at today is Bo
Jackson a legend in his own writer great
running back how does a career cut short
unfortunately let's look at his stats
obviously they're overpowered but that's
okay as he was a legend but what's this
93 throwing power 93 throwing 93 third
power really so he's only two points
less than Peyton Manning in his prime
okay I know he played baseball guys I
know I played baseball but he wasn't
look at these directors input throw
accuracy 80 really 85 throw short
accuracy guys this is what it is now
it's a joke Madden is a joke in every
respect anybody that defends the shit
they can defend it but they're ignorant
when it comes to football there is no
way in hell that these player stats
reflect what they do in their life no
way in hell no way in fucking hell
Madden may be a fun game it is it's a
fun game but it does that respect
football hell no it doesn't absolutely
does not so I guess Tebow is going to be
the MVP this year with a 97 overall guys
97 welcome to the new age guys the new
age
I'm gonna leave you guys with this
atrocity abomination no words to
describe it none
you